Standardizing and enhancing Dremio documentation (#607)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/components/data-connectors/dremio.md

description: 'Dremio Data Connector Documentation'
---

[Dremio](https://www.dremio.com/) is a data lake engine that enables high-performance SQL queries directly on data lake storage. It provides a unified interface for querying and analyzing data from various sources without the need for complex data movement or transformation. 

> This connector enables using Dremio as a Data source for federated SQL queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector enables using Dremio as a data source for federated/accelerated SQL queries.
```

## Configuration

### `from`

The `from` field takes the form `dremio:dataset` where `dataset` is the fully qualified name of the dataset to read from.

:::warning [Limitations]

> Only three nested levels of a dataset name is currently supported, e.g `a.b.c`. Any futher than that is not supported at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only up to three levels of nesting are supported for dataset names (e.g., a.b.c). Additional levels are not supported at this time.
```
